Back then, Sun Jia framed things
Selling weapons to the grasslands without permission
But the seller is not doing things, but the Sun family.
It just so happened that the Sun family accountant recorded the transaction
You still have the ledger?
Sun Jia originally planned to kill him
But the other party escaped this disaster because of his luck
And also brought out the ledger
Later, the second uncle found this clue
And find each other
But the other party refused to come back and identify him because he was afraid of the power of the Sun family
So the second uncle brought the ledger back
If I'm not mistaken
The ledger is in the dry well chamber
The reason why we didn't find it
It was because it was taken by the Sun family.
Now what?
Don't worry, I've found a new way, are you trying to find this person?
Let him personally refer to the Eun Sun family
That's right, and I've already got his address from the traitor
Really, but this needs to be well planned